Update documentations (#135)
jugmac00/flask-reuploaded: examples/example.rst

Examples
========

> This are example application of using `Flask-Reuploaded`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are example applications of using `Flask-Reuploaded`. 
```

Author: For `README.rst`, I will restore the previous version without applying any of the suggestions. Just for this pull request. For the next pull request I'll try to apply all suggestions.

[restore README](https://github.com/jugmac00/flask-reuploaded/commit/b2fe9638107b9059081d5ffc3ba25f163160fe20)

.. 

>     _ TODO: Add example of serving by nginx

Reviewer: Please remove that comment. This is out of scope of this documentation. Imagine Nginx changes the way it is configured, then we would need to update this documentation. You could link to a another tutorial or so, or to the official Nginx documentation.

Author: I'll remove this line becous I wrote it for myself :) 
What I mean is to add example of serving files using the UPLOADED_FILES_URL configuration. 

By this configuration, The extension is supposed to give valid file urls that can be served by servers like nginx. I suggest that we should add example for this scenario as the `configuration.rst` & `explanation.rst` sections that mention this feature are still vague in my opinion.

Running the example application
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In order to run the application,
you have to enter the following commands...

.. code-block:: bash
    
    ❯ git clone https://github.com/jugmac00/flask-reuploaded.git
    
    ❯ cd flask-reuploaded/examples

    ❯ python3 app1.py # or app2.py

> Then point your browser to `http://127.0.0.1:5000/`

Reviewer: That won't work - see above - needs the packages installed.
